== README

For running this app you need at least Ruby version 2.2.3p173 and Rails 4.2.5.1

First star the postgres server. You can do it from the terminal, inside the app folder and entering the next command:

$pg_ctl -D /usr/local/var/postgres -l /usr/local/var/postgres/server.log start

Then start rails server:

$rails s

## Answers for lasts questions:
Please also supply your answer to the following questions:

• How would you improve your solution?
If i'll know all the characteristics and purposes of the project maybe i would use a different DataBase
that gives me better performance, when the DB will be populated.
Also the part of making fail the 30% of Transfers randomly i think It would be better if it depended on something more clear.
The user experience need a lot of changes and also the style, but given the time i consider this secondary.

• How would you adapt your solution if transfers are not instantaneous?
Using Callbacks inside my Processes or a solution to handle the queuing system, like Sidekiq.
This prevents the user from waiting

== instructions for this Test

## Code Test: Banking

The purpose of this code test is to show us your skills in:
• Code structure and OOP concepts
• Reliability and Testing
• Problem solving

Please keep these aspects in mind as you develop your solution. Also, your chosen implementation doesn't necessarily have to be the best you can think of, but one that you can implement in the allocated time.

## Instructions
• The time for completing this test is 3 (three) hours
• The language used should be Java or Ruby, unless previously agreed otherwise
• The resulting code should be directly executable
• All code should be tested
• All needed scripts for compiling, testing, deploying and executing should be included,
accompanied by Readme file explaining their usage

## Background

The software you write in this test will be used for banks. Banks have accounts. Accounts hold money. Transfers can be made between accounts. Banks store the history of transfers.
There can be two types of transfers:
• Intra-bank transfers, between accounts of the same bank. They don't have commissions, they
don't have limits and they always succeed.
• Inter-bank transfers, between accounts of different banks. They have 5€ commissions, they have
a limit of 1000€ per transfer. And they have a 30% chance of failure.

## Part 1 (Recommended time: 45 minutes)
Define a set of data structures to accurately reflect banks, accounts and transfers. Make sure that new types of accounts and transfers can be added to the bank with minimal effort.

## Part 2 (Recommended time: 135 minutes)
Create an initial system consisting of two banks with at least two accounts each. Create the different types of transfers for intra-bank and inter-bank transfers.
Jim has an account on the first bank and Emma has an account on the second bank. Jim owns Emma 20000€. Emma is already a bit angry, because she did not get the money although Jim told her that he already sent it.
Help Jim send his money by developing a transfer agent. This agent assures that everybody gets their money. When the agent receives an order to transfer money from account A to account B, he issues transfers considering commissions, transfer limits and possibility of transfer failures.
The banks keep a list of all transfers and can be asked for the history of transfers.

## Questions:
Please also supply your answer to the following questions:

• How would you improve your solution?
If i'll know all the characteristics and purposes of the project maybe i would use a different DataBase
that gives me better performance, when the DB will be populated.
Also the part of making fail the 30% of Transfers randomly i think It would be better if it depended on something more clear.
The user experience need a lot of changes and also the style, but given the time i consider this secondary.

• How would you adapt your solution if transfers are not instantaneous?
Using Callbacks inside my Processes or a solution to handle the queuing system, like Sidekiq.
This prevents the user from waiting
